hello everybody and welcome to the table
2019 clock maples and already big
massive fancy Affairs that have phone at
the end of exam time in Cambridge for
the college's hold one and Jesus College
way cool is it's a good board and that's
what we are going to be evening
everyone's dressed up so very much
looking forward to it and the moment
being in the Maypole which is a pop just
next to college everyone's here and for
the pan routes you can see all my
friends who are here with me if we think
it to audience because the ball is held
in college and we live in college
they're all staying up for the ball now
doing final preparations so we've got an
hour or so until we need to go and queue
up to get into the ball I've made not so
room in my stomach those lots lots of
food because there's gonna be so much
food on offer there's great
entertainment the ball is all night it
goes on until five o'clock tomorrow
morning or later so I can't wait hello
everyone so we are now outside the
college in a massive long queue this is
part of the naval experience queueing
for a couple of hours hopefully there
will be some refreshments in the queue
later on when they let us back into
college the queue snake around footage
into the eventually we get into the main
room I'm feeling really hungry at this
point because I've just not eating
[Music]
we're now queueing in Coolidge this.q
we've been an ever about half an hour
we're pretty gonna be here for another
[Music]
this come on photographer for the
evening no no no no I can't also really
good for in camera so it's good I can
take photo I can take photos I don't get
the angles right I'm really hungry I'm
just gonna keep saying there will be
picture that's going to be all sorts of
food every stylist you'd imagine the
update is like you is moving sooner than
expected but I think we might be heading
for another queue I've just got an
inkling this queue is leading us to
another container okay so we thought we
were getting into the pool you sure and
Tim actually snuck into the ball
they've just been removed from the pool
because apparently we were going in too
early and we're not supposed to go in
until late this could be like really
good clickbait the pool already was
holding my choice Will's been very
useful this evening thanks will I'm just
a tool to you guys oh yeah we have had
canapes and Prosecco is the update as
canapes what it kind of pays bite-size
all the tomatoes
this is it very nice I worried basically
when we ran in Emerald started sprinting
through the food trucks everyone was
that hungry yeah I've got halloumi Jesus
big band playing behind us it's lots of
seats out around and I've got a
mysterious blue drink who knows what it
is
it's Blue Lagoon so I've already had
stuff remembering me and I'm now getting
a crate yeah I'm just going a bit crazy
on the food at the moment but it's great
[Music]
we are waiting we are the easiest to
come on
this is the main stage as you can see
behind me I have had my food the
telescope - you had a brownie really
good going down soon
yes exciting record our music by the
students
[Music]
[Applause]
we are in the maze we've slowly been
losing lots of people throughout the
evening which is kind of the way of
maple but everyone goes off in different
directions
Ed's lost his bowtie how he's banished
that I don't know where's everyone gone
whoo it's a maze whoo where are we oh
wait I found everyone what your boy
we are queuing to go on the dodgems
which always a final opening pretty
terrifying right behind me up here some
of the others have gone on but I'm not
proud of spinning so I've been putting
in that one it means we have good
example coming on the main stage shortly
well they might even be on there now I
don't know but I'm gonna I'm gonna tend
to just hear from just outside
[Music]
hello everyone we are doing crazy golf
gogo clubs we took the opportunity when
there was no queue and then finest head
to the casino we're now inside in the
casino I think it's a great idea because
I was feeling a bit cold outside I don't
have jumper I've got some chips make
money and I'm ready to gamble
[Music]
hello guys you can't see me in the dark
here but the Sun is start to rise now we
went to see the Taylor Swift tribute act
which was really good
emma is now over by the piano with some
people we don't know who have been doing
some lovely musical entertainment for us
while we sit on a bench in some of the
other guys have got coffee we might go
to the silent disco but we're not too
busy in a moment Oh Mamma Mia we just
got so amazing scene going on over there
[Music]
so it is the end of the pool everyone is
heading to the spider's photo but we are
not because we're tired and the
survivors photo didn't really go
anywhere last year so we're like why for
us there's a lot of people though we're
all trying to file out the view we're
being made to go around the long way
even though we live like two innocence
absolute disgrace my shoes are rubbing
me but I've been a good night okay I
think we sneaked this way I think we
sneaked this way our home is in sight I
think we head that way and hope they
don't shut us the other way I've made it
back into the staircase yay I can go to
sleep I'm gonna go take all my makeup
off I've just taken my heels off and oh
it feels so much better my feet can move
again wonderful it's been a fabulous
evening really enjoyed himself a great
end to the year really thank you for
joining me pull at the ball please get
the video a like if you enjoyed it and
subscribe to see more videos from me
follow me on Instagram it's at
underscore page underscore Y and I'll
see you soon with another video bye
[Music]